I would Paul Bissonnette well course
you're gonna take me to what he gonna
tell us about today um I've golf quite a
bit in Phoenix in our scottsdale area
and I'd say that course I've golf the
most has been true north and there's two
courses there i think i think pinnacles
of want to ease you golf and is that is
that the name of it yep yeah and it's uh
i spray the ball a lot so it's it's
probably not good for me but you need to
be very accurate and it's not
necessarily distance more more just
picking your spots and I I'm not a great
golfer so it's it's it's a difficult
course like I had somebody's coming town
and played it and they had a bit a tough
time with it too but if you're if you're
kind of like I call it grandpa golfing
where you know you keep it straight 200
yards every time I think you should
probably manage yourself well they're
all right these are the the ratings real
quick on a scale from one to five would
be given for value I think it's pretty
expensive to golf there as one it's in
the in the winter rates when it's like
peak season here I think it's like close
the toner bucks for realm but it is
rated one of the but uh what was rated
one of the best public courses and I
think North America at one point and I
don't know if it's still there but I
mean sometimes you know some people just
like to name drop the fact that it was
rated high but I mean I think paying to
inter boxer on a golf is ridiculous but
it's a nice course all right so you pick
a number will you think for value for
value of C was just it was a three okay
how about for course conditions course
conditions I'm usually golf in there
when it's pretty hot out so it was a
little dry but I mean if you're going to
come and peak season I'm sure to be
beautiful so maybe a poor maybe a for ya
okay guys and when you're not paying for
it it helps to solutely I mean as far as
value bang for your buck i guess i would
give it a six out of 5 because i'm not i
mean mind you i'm paying a lot for balls
yeah cuz i'm losing quite a bit how
about for the design of the course what
do you rate that um it's guy i would say
a 4 like i said it's just it's very
challenging because you have to get to
think about you can't just get up and
hit it and you got to think about where
you're gonna put the ball and any most
good courses are like that but like i
said this one was
was especially challenging just because
I spray the ball a lot okay two more
that won't be about spraying the ball
unless it is on you how about the pace
of play there oh when I was here well
like I said I wasn't there in peak
season so it was fairly open like you
know we weren't rushed or you know I
could take my time looking for my ball
nice and finally the amenities to true
north who do you rate does Oh Clubhouse
is nice foods pretty good there we got
some good stuff there and yeah all in
all I'd give it a good experience